I love the idea of graph as a representation of knowledge. Not sure there is much reasoning beside it would look super cool if holographic display where to happen. Although I have a tendency to think them multidimensional rather than three-dimensional or two-dimensional. I mean take a set of node, and call that a level. Now do some connections here and there. Let's pretend some clusters appeared. I'm sure we could abstract away these clusters into single nodes. We can then *flatten* the whole into calling it a level. But maybe we could find connection between an upper node (let's say we go up when abstracting, like having your head in the clouds, and we go down when we deepen our understanding, having our feet so hard on the ground it's sinking. If you want something more serious, dissecting a subject is going in-depth, so the opposite would be... whatever), an upper node and a lower node. So what do we do of that connection ? Duplication of meaning and then abstraction ? Stay consistent and abandon that idea of metagraph ? (Yes, I'm gluing words together. Yes I don't know what `meta` mean.) Because let's be honest, instead of abstracting clusters, we could just create a new node that link to every node of the cluster... Can you imagine that ? Uncool.

Let's return to intelligence. What do we do in science ? (I'm making stuff up here, never forget that.) We try to deepen our understanding of things. We go down the metagraph. Or rather, we construct our metagraph of knowledge downward. Now that I think about it, going down is just discovering. And there you have it. I lost my thread of thought. Come back later.

The annoying thing about thinking while communicating, it's that we can come to an understanding and because of that understanding realize that what the thread we were knitting was of the wrong color. No color is bad tough. If it were oral, and the audience was skilled, they can extract the transformation process through questioning. But here it's just writing. I just have to press backspace. Who am I kidding ? I go in visual mode, select the faulty part and press `d`. Akin to selecting with the mouse cursor and pressing backspace. I'm lazy though, so I'd rather avoid moving too much my arm. **SO MUCH NOISE.** Don't worry, you will get that sweet **TL;DR** at the end of the file if you skip a few years.

Let's suppose things in a vacuum.  
Knowledge is static.  
Intelligence is dynamic.  
The larger the knowledge is, the more the intelligence can express itself.  
The larger the intelligence is, the more the knowledge can improve.  
